[Music]
Hey what's up how are my
kids I hope and wish that this part
4 has more substance than part 3 for those who have
n't seen part 3 well my
reaction to part 3 as I already put in
part 2 in the description in a
pinned comment in case you don't know take
note part 3 seemed so weak to me
that what is the reaction I uploaded to the
secondary channel because because it is based
go to part 1 today's part the
part basically between the
economic issue in discussing whether the wine river
can cost 150 thousand or it can cost 5000
and that's not the point in short what I
think is that in some things I
can't tell them in others not so much in
reference to the issue of money and
some by ricky in the issue of money
okay the issue of money the production the
production and everything of garay but it is not the
point of the discussion here the filth
would be that both men and the cool one
tried to do the 13-14 his
fellow youtubers thanks to their support
from  six other ree wine and that will
put us back when recording and
youtube and set here you have the [ __ ]
avi video please put it on the screen
not on the start screen for now it
gives me a little hope six and a half minutes
this is a piece that started as a stalker
or abuse the term every time I say the
word I'm going to use this is mine
Luis's scorer macho from the wish linebacker
michu people and you flip out he spent it was
in front of a lot of years making fun of
insulting less time you'll see let's see
ricky it makes me really angry that he minimizes
things that are really serious ricky
takes mockery and doing it with the meme of he doesn't
have a license 3400 he doesn't stay
dallas stalker I don't know how much we're going to
see ricky sincerely would you also be
upset if there was a group of people
on the internet accusing you of a crime
always messing with you
always making you a trend but not for
good things but always for anything you do
turn it around to see the
bad alem bolon inside wanting to be
funny to please  youtube the
biggest well yes it's true that for
several years he even stung me with wings and we've
been seeing that here on my
secondary channel I already have a couple of deals on
this subject is that in truth I believe that
my greatest wish and greatest dream that is
becoming fast is that I become a child
trying the whole truth like trying to
arm death in case it were very bad
and I will improve a lot that will link my
tweets that he wrote five years ago and
that he deleted the same year with the fact
that he has gone to a promo with wish michu and
that directly I have nothing against
win michu car of you know if it
can be good for you the sites of zero bad I
say it too but directly your
tweet from that time is not
related to your own that you have
this weekend but it is
directly related to win michu
with your good relationship and your cordiality
with win michu and in fact do
collaborations like in michu and I think it
's even genius plans that he studies to
be directly related with win
michu in fact if I remember correctly one of
them was how well win
michu has done remove it only leaves vacant they
are not the literal words but something
well  it was something like that this is a
factor that greatly increases my
chances of the turkey stopping watching
the videos in the shadows incognito you
know plan of discussed respond but did
not find anything solid so the
people at the tip reason that well are
super pan bis really although I tell you
that this kid kills cats in fact has
a video called throwing rocks at
cats on youtube I'm going to say that
this video
could have perfectly been made as a
video not trying to grab on to
any [ __ ] that has made the
internet I do not consider that it requires a
diet has done something totally
cancelable or something super criminal what I
consider that it requires and made a
mistake that many people made there was
a time to please people on the
internet the twitter group and the
youtuber group well he had to
join the crowd that did the cool thing
bullying dallas because that
was a kind of bullying on the internet
at that time they put dallas [ __ ]
hahaha and in the back was then ricky
edit he was a he was even younger
then he made that mistake what is what
I  I see what I see is that he tried to
eliminate them and act as if nothing had
happened at a point that I already forgot
when he fought with Akuma because he had some
very unfortunate comments with the
CVM that had nothing to do with the
topic they were discussing, he
literally got into it with her
buytheface because he made Kuma from the
video to Ricky at first
because Ricky got into it then
Ricky and made a video to Dallas because
Dallas
then brings Akumal and made a video and
arguing why Ricky shouldn't cry,
well he extracts and then Ricky
answered him with a
microphone sucks like the live don't work for him
and now he comes to do solfeggio
totally unfortunate that I ca
n't like it more if it is I would not have given
a star it requires the issue
of the extras you know that even if they
call me the biggest donkey in the world I
never put it in I understand Dallas's point
Dallas's point is that this is
a person who has spent years
saying that the content  from dallas
dirties the platform that
dallas content is garbage and now it suits him to
use its content to profit
in his tweet in fact he himself has
recognized it in other words he will do me with
a girl after a video when you
also made the video reacting to
people's things the girl comes after
a video lasts says that the sucks
microphone is like she is not succeeding
in only fan or how she does not have money from a
live and enough that they get into
salcedo for the truth very unfortunate
directly dallas post I could have
made a video because everything and I know at
that moment and that's why the truth is that it is
a pretty ugly comment not a crime
or a crime but it seems that my channel and I
tell you the truth that I do not fall for
anything else I admire him a lot the
ability he has to turn
any [ __ ] [ __ ] into content is
not on any old program you know
that he always treated you with respect even
verses that along with a
pathetic touch when someone tries to show
a false neutrality objectivity or whatever you
want to call it okay yesterday we were
reacting here to a video of yours that did not
study the relationship because  an
old thing about the reaction you had to the
video of you believe and literally for every
word that Dallas said he made a
stupid comment that had nothing to
criticize it was like da la said hello
good morning subscribe to my channel so
that everything is heavy yes of course they
came up to your channel because you want to
visit now literally no you don't like it
from a person you dislike or
maybe you really don't dislike it and you don't
dislike it but you take on a role that you
're used to I think more
in the second although sometimes it gets
a little stingy not when you say something that isn't
100% right and
as a reprimand for continuing to spend 40 minutes
writing a form in English to
tweets to try to take a job
from a person it seems that tito is stung
but the truth is that the strike was the
best the
only thing I put the suit that
people summarize my entire content for
example that I do some interview like
for example the other day aurum play and
with all their holy balls and the
channels this is summarized in clicks of tweets they
dedicate to summarizing excerpts  without
even giving me credit because
the ones who did it would have been done by
giving me credit, I left them a
form to put in an extra and it won't
take 40 minutes, it's literally 35
minutes, of course it's for so much, it's the
supposed grace because when Ricky
talks about the strike issue, he gets really angry, he
wants to put them in Dallas like an
obsessive person who has so much free time,
but it's literally Ricky, you're
defending a guy who gave me a
strike trying to pass it off as an
automatic extra through his network and then it
turned out that his network confirmed to me that he
asked him to give me a
friendship extra, literally criticizing Dallas
because he gave you an extra on you and you're
defending someone who put me in this
friendship extra. In the end, I won the appeal over
time, but he wanted to censor
a criticism of me because he gives bad
answers to the people who donate to him and
because with the microphone, that fart puller
hasn't seen you say anything about the extra that
Gres gave me, but he did, he did a
Julio Bruno, it was that you [ __ ] yourself between him
since Matthew how Julio did to you that  you
[ __ ] the video of a kuma and the video of
dallas but if it was last month or
literally the camera to charge now it
was at 8 to see a monetization from
here declared to have two hundred and
something thousand visits that earns this 200 for
videos of taking out that street you took it
but for free in July just charged it
now expression maybe a little that
kuma I like Dallas or better see that he
has like many numbers whatever like that
he likes clear is that he is 20
22 years old and even find one with a
girl that I think is over 30
nautical continues this super
childish [ __ ] that they give the president
kakuma likes dallas at what moment
can we reach that conclusion in
which cuba has been able to notice that he
likes dallas in a sexual or
romantic way I hope that he doesn't just break
up and besides I don't know if he is married it's
funny to see her on the site quite
iconic active I was in this right
that is another the part of minecraft long
if those things are not cheap more than 1 k
is for me  says about this do you know what
work is behind every [ __ ]
animation that [ __ ] 6 I'm pretty sure that
whoever did it did it for free
two things first it's likely that they
did it for free because they didn't
have the budget to pay after
buying the locations the props the
gas the meals
but they did it for free like
because I think those saying plan this
was a fan of gur rex and allenby
who decided to do that is telling me
that this that I'm going to tell you how many
layers of project from here just
seeing it above and mind you I never study
3d but no colleagues who do it and they have
shared a screen with me when working a
little the music is talking about our
things and I only see them in this plane there are
about 30 to 50 layers of work for
this result because you have seven
characters each with their own
movements with the custom skin
which are the ones that take the skin that they have
minecraft stick it twins 13 or in the
dock so in the program that has
understood did before this they have to
do it for them practically pixel by
pixel or piece by  piece because each of
these pieces cites that are here together
has its own physics and to be put so that
they can interact with each other
and that costs a lot of
producer pasta and probably if the kid
wanted the project to go ahead he
had a week 23 to make this trip
the video this part 4 is going to be about the
micra for that sequence the most the same as they
charge I would ask for a minimum of eight thousand
bucks if I was the one working on it and it
was a minimal team and it
seems little to me
and we're going for more than half of the video the
video does that again right vx and
gidi team all those in charge of
special effects and 3d is attentive to the
average minimum salary of each of the
people that happens in this type of
[ __ ] in these types of projects that are on
such a large scale although there was super
little budget it was so professional and
so clean the minimum I think the minimum
is 1500 bucks a month and if you don't have to
work every day with things of that
level four parts of the
video have been made regarding the subject of whether it can
cost 150 thousand euros some have seen it has
not dealt with the subject of deception  if I was
thinking of warning my colleagues, you
know what happens, of course Greece
blew their mind, what they did was send
people to do the good one, it
costs 15,000, which is really driving
people crazy.
If from the beginning the problem
had been that they needed 150,000
instead of 15,000, they would have solved it,
all the youtubers would agree,
come on, let's put in so much that they had a
budget to do a project of
this scale, they would ask for a minimum of 1,500
euros at least. I don't know how much they charge you.
If you think that audiovisual is
cheap, they charged yes, they charged, but the thing is that
at no point did I deny that it could
cost the river wine 150,000, you can
do it, of course, and with 200,000 and 300,000
men, that we know the point, a colleague of
mine was offered work and the payment was to
appear in the credits, so
everyone reaches the agreement that comes out of their
balls, maybe that company, for
example, should charge him the eight thousand that
Ricky says that it can cost, but I'm
not going to go there.  to discuss because it's a
topic that I don't handle the
credits of a viral video are coming out a 3d scene
that everyone is going to talk about red
for example a scene that has gone
more unnoticed like your
best greeting from the castle or one of
this year's wish there are scenes
that maybe right now they ask you I
don't remember no the minecraft scene
I think is one of the most
talked about scenes of being the same instead of charging
the five thousand eight thousand euros it is
appearing in a video with 25 million
views in exchange for those eight thousand do you know
how much companies pay for promotion
to a youtuber who has 34
million views on each video
much more than 8 thousand I don't want to think
that the video will go again but in terms of
audiovisual cinema series and there is
acting I have never seen and really
with the mentality that you have I hope that you
never told a
production team of filming whatever it is and
tell them either I pay 50 euros because he thanks me for
a video clip the payments a thousand euros because
I produce there is a video clip in which I
want to be seen with a limousine
two  days on the sides on a hill and
have a beach and all for a thousand bucks it doesn't
depend on what a project like this happens
beyond people who are involved behind
such a big project a lot of people I've
seen saying that I feel free there
weren't some in fact that they did
charge but because they gave their all
and because what they did was worthy of
a movie they didn't have to give it 100
payments 200 payments listen that some
also charged from the 13 but because they designed
maybe the entire light map of the
sequence x more than lights had a
company strands of special effects
half a million does it seem to you that a
real special effects company should have
asked them half a million for that or do you
accept that if this work
had been done by a real
more established production company that are not kids they
are not a kid that I dedicate hate to you and that you hate
it and this has caused pain whatever
you want to take to him it would have been done by a
real company despite the fact that the team does not
also have its own production company
officials to the advertisements of brands of a
lot of products that you surely
consume
knows that in boln has its own
production company makes ads and all that stuff
and in the first video in the
first part he was saying that because we
had to assume that they had the lights
and the cameras and the drones or rather the
real cost of a project if
a real company like you call it did it
would be half a million and yet
when he told them he was going to put in 150 thousand
bucks he says no way that [ __ ]
costs 150 thousand bucks to activate and
really a real company that is
dedicated to that and without charging half a million
personally and nation of euros or more the
people who participated in that [ __ ]
did it for free that's how simple it is he did it for
free because there was no budget
10 thousand bucks were raised and he exhibited
five thousand poems out of his pocket to
have a little bit of excel or
literally having to live in the underworld to
record the ritual not to arrive dead in
December on the delivery date if there are
many people who have collaborated who have
said it precisely too much to me this
idea the same
cost to produce it like
that but then everything that is the video
surely yes no eye the cameo eye the
cameo here sound editing the color to
extreme how
good
he himself does not hold it look at the
manipulation that he just did who
is literally just realized
that yes I gave everything to the plunger I also
tell you that there are some things that I do not
agree with the dallara of the
things that he is saying regarding the
price and so on but I do not lie
much in the matter because it is not my it is my
field what would happen is going to end the
video is not going to talk about the
final save the manipulation that has just been
required he knows that he did it he puts it in
the credits look director of photography
filming crew
editing sound color and mastering it was
edited by Alex Hernandez Alex cool
musical composers thanks
thanks to the locations
makeup artists and Ricky is
acting crazy Vicky just read it he
is putting the entire credits
as if to say don't look at it from people who
edit it the animators edited it but he
edited it he has put all the credits
to try to manipulate saying
projector himself the rest of the
credits do not belong to the edition of
you seen in the credits in the points
credits for the credit is host  ricky
but dallas means that
he made the whole video
dallas said that he edited it himself and it
's that he edited it himself I don't
agree with some of the things that
dallas said about the prices and such but
literally he edited it himself no da laxe he
means that alex did all the
animations no that not like bases and that will
give they just talked about the
animators dallas said he edited the
video do you know what editing a video is
what the same person is doing my editor
is in charge and I have to take
a bunch who did it for the love of
art to say he edited it himself with all the
people there dedicated to which he has
dedicated credits with two minutes so
if I want credit a lot of
people participated I hope he edited it but they continue
own they like it said brutal the loot or
flower of amia where does
[Music] come out
please tell me that in part 5 without
telling me that part 5 if you are going to drink tea if that's
how you are going to try
and put me in the test tube is that
we return to the same thing it doesn't matter that  no matter what
the point is that
the exclusive was going to be hidden from the
participants themselves, not having
literally said that you are going to dedicate the
video to the subject of Dallas being
wrong about the price but the point of
the controversy of the wine river was from Greece
the plunger they agreed to keep quiet that it was
going to be broadcast exclusively on the
tweets channel and that he was financing it
so that no powerful youtuber would back
out that is the point of
the controversy the money was not controversial at
any time nor the price nor what it
cost he has literally gone 40 minutes
without touching the subject please I am going to
swallow all the parts he is not going to talk
because Dallas is it he is not it if I had
done it the problem with the
Dallas live was that the vast majority of the
time he talks
but he does talk don't tell me that when
that part comes Ricky is not going to bring up that
part that literally this does not give for
part 4 Ricky knows what it is that gives me the
impression and I think I am not going to be
wrong in fact we are  let's see why
this video Ricky is not going to change it
because it seems that he must have recorded the
shot and the editor is taking out the
parts at exactly 8 10
minutes, no, it seems to me that it's not going to work, it's not going to
deal with that subject and if it deals with it, the
mental assignment is to justify it
but well for someone if he is making
a power grab for the haters
Quesada then tell me no, you
're not a hater Quesada, the one who shuts up like
Ricky's Ed and it's being a nice
and poetic explanation I love you requires more
Ricky Heavy and he put you on strike and he won't
take it away from you or go see the three
episodes my god Ricky tell me it's
average but he's leaving the
man's ass like a trough of peace
we can agree or not on things that
Dallas says in that video, for
example, I don't but now from there to an
explanation or that he's leaving
the man's ass like a trough of ducks, that
is, literally you are haters well, by
doing it, there's no need to talk
no matter how much you  Say no, I think it
seems more explained to me, for
example, the moment in which Ricky says
and how we assume that they have to buy
cameras and how we assume that they have to
buy drones and they have them and they
rent them or for example today's scene
where he edits it, he edits it and he has removed
all the credits, no, but they are people who
hate Dallas and the slightest
bit of reason against Dallas in an argument is
perhaps brutal, sas, perhaps the greatest
explanation ever, subscribe to the
fifth part, I get the feeling that it will
be on the secondary channel,
see you family
[Music]